Sharper CHANGELOG entry. (#3448)
encode/httpx: CHANGELOG.md

 
## 0.28.0 (28th November, 2024)

> Be aware that the default *JSON request bodies now use a more compact representation*. This is generally considered a prefered style, tho may require updates to test suites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the default *JSON request bodies now use a more compact representation*. This is generally considered a preferred style, but may require updates to test suites.
```
